capital = 2185
primary_culture = mexican
culture = mayan
culture = nahua
culture = zzz_religion_protestant
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.436805

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=landed_voting
upper_house_composition=appointed
voting_system=jefferson_method
public_meetings=no_meeting
press_rights=state_press
trade_unions=no_trade_unions
political_parties=underground_parties

ruling_party = YUC_reactionary
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 84
	reactionary = 6
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.37596
nonstate_consciousness= 0.00587535

# Technologies
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
mechanical_production = 1
no_standard = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
prestige=4.49595
oob = "YUC_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = new_world_nation
set_country_flag = religi
